docs/elements/radio.mdx, before:

import PropsTable from '@site/src/components/PropsTable';
import { Root as NewfoldRoot, Radio } from "@newfold/ui-component-library";
import { RadioVariants, radioProps } from '@site/docs/partials/radio';

# Radio
Radio buttons are a type of input element that allows users to select only
one option from a list of mutually exclusive options. They are commonly
used in forms where users need to select one option from a set of options.

<NewfoldRoot>
    <Radio
        id="radio"
        label="I am a radio button."
        name="name"
        value="value"
    />
</NewfoldRoot>

---
### Usage
```jsx
import { Radio } from "@newfold/ui-component-library";

<Radio
    id="radio"
    label="I am a radio button."
    name="name"
    value="value"
/>
```

---
### Variants
The Radio component offers two variants: `default` and `inline-block`.
<RadioVariants />

---
### Disabled
Use the `disabled` prop to disable the radio button.

<NewfoldRoot>
    <Radio
        id="radio-disabled"
        label="I am a radio button."
        name="name"
        value="disabled-radio"
        disabled
    />
</NewfoldRoot>

```jsx
<Radio
    id="radio-disabled"
    label="I am a radio button."
    name="name"
    value="disabled-radio"
    disabled
/>
```

---
### Dangerous label
If you need to render dangerous HTML inside the label, use the `isLabelDangerousHtml` prop.

<NewfoldRoot>
    <Radio
        id="radio-dangerous"
        isLabelDangerousHtml
        label="&bull; Dangerous label."
        name="option-dangerous"
        value="D"
    />
</NewfoldRoot>

```jsx
<Radio
    id="radio-dangerous"
    isLabelDangerousHtml
    label="&bull; Dangerous label."
    name="option-dangerous"
    value="dangerous-radio"
/>
```

---
### Props
<PropsTable.Table docs={radioProps} />

Commit message:

Radio element radio group section

docs/elements/radio.mdx, after:

import PropsTable from '@site/src/components/PropsTable';
import { Root as NewfoldRoot, Radio } from "@newfold/ui-component-library";
import { RadioVariants, radioProps } from '@site/docs/partials/radio';

# Radio
Radio buttons are a type of input element that allows users to select only
one option from a list of mutually exclusive options. They are commonly
used in forms where users need to select one option from a set of options.

<NewfoldRoot>
    <Radio
        id="radio"
        label="I am a radio button."
        name="name"
        value="value"
    />
</NewfoldRoot>

---
### Usage
```jsx
import { Radio } from "@newfold/ui-component-library";

<Radio
    id="radio"
    label="I am a radio button."
    name="name"
    value="value"
/>
```

---
### Variants
The Radio component offers two variants: `default` and `inline-block`.
<RadioVariants />

---
### Disabled
Use the `disabled` prop to disable the radio button.

<NewfoldRoot>
    <Radio
        id="radio-disabled"
        label="I am a radio button."
        name="name"
        value="disabled-radio"
        disabled
    />
</NewfoldRoot>

```jsx
<Radio
    id="radio-disabled"
    label="I am a radio button."
    name="name"
    value="disabled-radio"
    disabled
/>
```

---
### Dangerous label
If you need to render dangerous HTML inside the label, use the `isLabelDangerousHtml` prop.

<NewfoldRoot>
    <Radio
        id="radio-dangerous"
        isLabelDangerousHtml
        label="&bull; Dangerous label."
        name="option-dangerous"
        value="D"
    />
</NewfoldRoot>

```jsx
<Radio
    id="radio-dangerous"
    isLabelDangerousHtml
    label="&bull; Dangerous label."
    name="option-dangerous"
    value="dangerous-radio"
/>
```

---
### Radio Group
Use the [`RadioGroup`](../components/RadioGroup) component to render a list of radio options.


---
### Props
<PropsTable.Table docs={radioProps} />
